Pull request for AGP-103: Aragon Network Budget (#102)
aragon/AGPs: AGPs/AGP-1.md

  * GPL
  * AGPL
  * MIT
  
_Finance track budget_

> The total amount funded by Finance track AGPs shall not exceed 5% of the market value of the Association / Aragon Network treasury or 250,000 DAI, whichever is greater, in a given quarterly Aragon Network vote cycle. Recurring transfers approved in previous vote cycles shall be deducted from this budget as described below. The market value of the treasury, and spending relative to that, shall be measured in DAI at the time an attempt is made to process an approved Finance track proposal as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total amount funded by Finance track AGPs shall not exceed 5% of the market value of the Association / Aragon Network treasury or 250,000 DAI, whichever is greater, in a given quarterly Aragon Network vote cycle. Recurring transfers approved in previous vote cycles shall be deducted from this budget as described below. The market value of the treasury, and spending relative to that, shall be measured in DAI at the closing time of every ANV.
```

For any Aragon Network vote ballot, approved Finance track proposals will be processed in the following order:

> - First, process proposals that reduce or eliminate a previously approved recurring transfer.

Author: ```suggestion
- First, process proposals that either reduce a previously approved recurring transfer amount by 10% or more or completely cancel a previously approved recurring transfer.
```

> - First, process proposals that reduce or eliminate a previously approved recurring transfer.

Reviewer: Nitpick: this could be gamed by reducing a recurring proposal by an insignificant amount just to give the proposal maximum processing priority

> - Then, attempt to debit any ongoing recurring transfers from this quarter’s budget, except ongoing recurring transfers whose amount has been increased in the most recent vote cycle.

Reviewer: How is the priority for processing set?

> - Then, attempt to debit any ongoing recurring transfers from this quarter’s budget, except ongoing recurring transfers whose amount has been increased in the most recent vote cycle.

Reviewer: At the moment, Flock Finance AGPs have typically been submitted as 1 time payments even though the transfers have been made quarterly for operational reasons. I think that given the budget addition, a recommendation should be made for Flock teams to start creating recurring proposals that get paid out every quarter

> - Then, attempt to debit any ongoing recurring transfers from this quarter’s budget, except ongoing recurring transfers whose amount has been increased in the most recent vote cycle.

Author: ```suggestion
- Then, attempt to debit any ongoing recurring transfers from this quarter’s budget, except ongoing recurring transfers whose amount has been increased in the most recent vote cycle. Ongoing recurring transfers shall be processed in descending order based on the absolute approval percentage of the proposals when they were approved in their respective Aragon Network vote.
```

> - Finally, attempt to process approved Finance track AGPs, that either make new transfers or increase previously approved recurring transfers, in descending order based on absolute approval percentage. Each processed proposal will be debited against this quarter’s remaining budget, and if there is not enough budget available for a proposal when it attempts to be processed then processing will fail and the approved transfer will not be made. An attempt will then be made to process the next approved proposal until there are no more remaining approved proposals to process.

Reviewer: If a Finance AGP cannot be processed, I assume that it would need to be put up for a vote again as even if in a future ANV there's space in the budget it won't process proposals that couldn't be processed before. I think this makes sense, but I think it should be made explicit

> - Finally, attempt to process approved Finance track AGPs, that either make new transfers or increase previously approved recurring transfers, in descending order based on absolute approval percentage. Each processed proposal will be debited against this quarter’s remaining budget, and if there is not enough budget available for a proposal when it attempts to be processed then processing will fail and the approved transfer will not be made. An attempt will then be made to process the next approved proposal until there are no more remaining approved proposals to process.

Author: ```suggestion
- Finally, attempt to process approved Finance track AGPs, that either make new transfers or increase previously approved recurring transfers, in descending order based on absolute approval percentage. Each processed proposal will be debited against this quarter’s remaining budget, and if there is not enough budget available for a proposal when it attempts to be processed then processing will fail and the approved transfer will not be made. An attempt will then be made to process the next approved proposal until there are no more remaining approved proposals to process. Proposals that fail to be processed due to budget constraints must go through the AGP process and be voted on again in a future Aragon Network vote.
```
